Brian Rafferty
bprafferty03@gmail.com

prog4_1.py
    This program begins by instantiating three lists, first contains all valid tokens, second contains all tokens that should be followed by an integer, and last contains all tokens that may only appear on their own line. Three functions are defined in this program, including Tokenize, Parse, and numCheck. Tokenize is a function which will receive an input string and split it by space, then incrememnt through each token comparing it to to the list of valid tokens and determine if it is an integer. If any of the tokens fail the comparison, then a message "Unexpected Token: " + token will be raised and the program will end. Parse is a function which will receive a list of tokens and determine whether the lists adhere to the conditions: if it is a token that must be alone or if it is a token that must be directly followed by an integer. If any of the parsing conditions fail, then False will be returned and an error message will be sent out from another file. numCheck is a function that determines if the input is an integer returning a boolean based upon the result.

prog4_2.py 
    This program creates a StackMachine class with a constructor that defines a list containing all of the stack data, a dictionary to contain address information, and a index called CurrentLine which starts at 0 and incrememnts as the program processes the user's file. Within the class is a function called Execute which receives a list of tokens called inputs. The function is designed to first increment CurrentLine and then analyze the first index of each list to see which token it is. Depending upon the token, the correct if statement will be triggered which then conducts the appropriate calculations. If at any point the stack is empty and another token is called other than "push", then the program will issue the error statement "Invalid Memory Access". The only if statements of special note are used when tokens are equal to "save" or "get", which operate as follows: "save 1234" will pop the top piece of data off the stack and place it at memory address 1234 within the dictionary. Next, if the user enters: "get 1234", then the program will find the data stored within the dictionary at 1234 and place it back on top of the stack where it was originally.

prog4_3.py
    This program operates as the driver class to read in a user's file and tokenize it line by line. Any errors during tokenization will trigger the following message: "Error on line " + str(index+1) + ": " + str(error). If no errors were found during tokenization, then the list of correct token lines will be parsed one at a time. Any errors found in the parsing step will receive this message: "Parse error on line "+ str(index+1) + ": " + str(fileContents[index])). If no errors are found during the parsing step, then the program will go ahead and call the Execute function sending one list of tokens in at a time. Any index malfunctions will cause errors, including if the CurrentLine property is a negative number, which will yield the following message: "Trying to execute invalid line: " + stack.CurrentLine, and if the tokens in the file call for operations that the stack has no way of dealing with, like performing pop on an empty stack, the following message will be triggered: "Line " + str(stack.CurrentLine) + ": " + fileContents[stack.CurrentLine - 1] + " caused Invalid Memory Access". If no errors are detected, the stack will be called and the correct if statement based upon each token will be conducted. Following the successful operation of user's file, the program will send this message before terminating: "Program terminated correctly".
    
